Go find out. Who put them in?
All relevant personnel signed up. besides,
Do a mandatory cleaning tomorrow. That is yes.
Mr. Shen. Mr. Shen.
I beg you. You must not sign me.
I still have to calculate the price for him. I can't lose this job.
Mr. Shen, I beg you.
Forget it, it’s better to eliminate karma. After all, I still have to hide myself in the company.
Mr. Shen, if your identity is not revealed this time,
Forget it this time. lady,
Thank you. Thank you.
Why don't you go cook? Ah,
Thanks. Energy person?
Okay, this is what the workplace is like
Then you come back to me
Okay, I won't interfere for now.
Those people are good or bad if they don't die.
Yeah, it's a little strange
I don’t want to talk about the future
He's our housekeeper's young man
They often have affairs at our house
After all, it’s still a classmate’s art studio.
Externally, I seemed to have seen it just now
The housekeepers of the pre-employment committee will not come and go.
For money, I can work as a mistress for that housekeeper.
That relative is really easy to take care of if he doesn’t die.
How dare you be the door wife?
It turns out that there was a stinky man early.
I'm afraid he's a smelly man in bed
We can't talk about it, we can't talk about it
Stop talking. Let's go.